DuggaSys/microservices/Microservices Documentation/codeviewerService.md, before:

# Name of file/service
deleteCodeExample_ms.php

## Description
Deletes a code example and its related data from the database if the user has the appropriate permissions, and then retrieves all updated data from the database (through retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php) as the output for the microservice.

## Input Parameters
- Parameter: $exampleId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Example ID. Stored as mediumint in the database

- Parameter: $courseId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course ID associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $courseVersion
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course version. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $boxId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Box ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $opt
   - Type: string
   - Description: Operation type

- Parameter: $userid
   - Type: int
   - Description: User ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $lid
   - Type: string
   - Description: List entry ID. Stored as int in the database                  



## Calling Methods
- POST

## Output Data and Format
- Output: debug
   - Type: string
   - Description: Error messages if any operation fails

- Output: $data
   - Type: JSON
   - Description: contains data related to the deleted code example

## Examples of Use
'DELETE FROM codeexample WHERE exampleid=:exampleid;'

### Microservices Used
- getUid_ms.php
- retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php

---

# Name of file/service
editBoxTitle_ms.php

## Description
Updates a box title of a code example when a user with appropriate permissions edits it, and then retrieves all updated data from the database (through retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php) as the output for the microservice.

## Input Parameters
- Parameter: $exampleId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Example ID. Stored as mediumint in the database

- Parameter: $boxId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Box ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $opt
   - Type: string
   - Description: Operation type

- Parameter: $courseId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course ID associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $courseVersion
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course version. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $boxTitle
   - Type: string
   - Description: Box Title. Stored as varchar(20) in the database

- Parameter: $userid
   - Type: int
   - Description: User ID. Stored as int in the database



## Calling Methods
- POST

## Output Data and Format
- Output: $data
   - Type: JSON
   - Description: contains data of the code example related to the updated box title

## Examples of Use
‘UPDATE box SET boxtitle=:boxtitle WHERE boxid=:boxid AND exampleid=:exampleid;’

### Microservices Used
- getUid_ms.php
- retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php

---

# Name of file/service
editCodeExample_ms.php

## Description
Handles updates of code examples, and then retrieving all updated data from the database (through retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php) as the output for the microservice.

## Input Parameters
- Parameter: $opt
   - Type: string
   - Description: Operation type

- Parameter: $exampleId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Example ID. Stored as mediumint in the database

- Parameter: $courseId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course ID associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $courseVersion
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course version associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $playlink
   - Type: string
   - Description: Play link for opening demo in code example. Stored as varchar(256) in the database

- Parameter: $exampleName
   - Type: string
   - Description: Name of the code example. Stored as varchar(64) in the database

- Parameter: $sectionName
   - Type: string
   - Description: Name of the section of the code example. Stored as varchar(64) in the database

- Parameter: $beforeId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Before ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $afterId
   - Type: string
   - Description: After ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $userid
   - Type: int
   - Description: User ID. Stored as int in the database                        

## Calling Methods
- POST

## Output Data and Format
- Output: $data
   - Type: JSON
   - Description: Contains data associated with the updated code example

## Examples of Use
`UPDATE codeexample SET runlink = :playlink , examplename = :examplename, sectionname = :sectionname WHERE exampleid = :exampleid AND cid = :cid AND cversion = :cvers;`

### Microservices Used
- retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php
- getUid_ms.php

---

# Name of file/service
editContentOfExample_ms.php

## Description
Updates the content of a box associated with a certain code example, and then retrieving all updated data from the database (through retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php) as the output for the microservice.

## Input Parameters
- Parameter: $opt
   - Type: string
   - Description: Operation type

- Parameter: $courseId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course ID associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $courseVersion
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course version associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $exampleId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Example ID. Stored as mediumint in the database

- Parameter: $boxId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Box ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $boxTitle
   - Type: string
   - Description: Box Title. Stored as varchar(20) in the database

- Parameter: $boxContent
   - Type: string
   - Description: Box content. Stored as varchar(64) in the database

- Parameter: $wordlist
   - Type: string
   - Description: Word list. Stored as mediumint in the database

- Parameter: $filename
   - Type: string
   - Description: Name of the file related to the code example. Stored as varchar(256) in the database

- Parameter: $fontsize
   - Type: string
   - Description: Font size of the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $addedRows
   - Type: string
   - Description: The rows added to the content of code example. Stored in several fields in the improw table in the database

- Parameter: $removedRows
   - Type: string
   - Description: The rows removed from the content of code example. Stored in several fields in the improw table in the database

- Parameter: $userid
   - Type: int
   - Description: User ID. Stored as int in the database                                 

## Calling Methods
- POST

## Output Data and Format
- Output: $data
   - Type: JSON
   - Description: Contains data associated with the updated content of a code example

## Examples of Use
` UPDATE box SET boxtitle=:boxtitle, boxcontent=:boxcontent, filename=:filename, fontsize=:fontsize, wordlistid=:wordlist WHERE boxid=:boxid AND exampleid=:exampleid; `

### Microservices Used
- getUid_ms.php
- retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php

---

# Name of file/service
retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php

## Description
Retrieves updated data from the database and stores it in an array. The file outputs information about a specific code example in a course, including details, related examples, important lines, words, file directories, and user access levels. It makes sure only authorized users can view and change this information. It also logs the service event.

## Input Parameters
- Parameter: $userid
   - Type: int
   - Description: User ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $exampleId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Example ID. Stored as mediumint in the database

- Parameter: $courseId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course ID associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $courseVersion
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course version. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $opt
   - Type: string
   - Description: Operation type

- Parameter: $sectionName
   - Type: string
   - Description: Name of the section of the code example. Stored as varchar(64) in the database

- Parameter: $exampleName
   - Type: string
   - Description: Name of the code example. Stored as varchar(64) in the database

- Parameter: $playlink
   - Type: string
   - Description: Runlink for opening demo in code example. Stored as varchar(256) in the database

- Parameter: $log_uuid
   - Type: string
   - Description: Logs UUID for the event                     

## Calling Methods
- function call


## Output Data and Format
- Output: $array
   - Type: JSON
   - Description: Contains data associated with a code example

## Examples of Use
`SELECT exampleid, sectionname, examplename, beforeid, afterid FROM codeexample WHERE cid = :cid AND cversion = :cvers ORDER BY sectionname, examplename;`

### Microservices Used
- 

---

# Name of file/service
updateCodeExampleTemplate_ms.php

## Description
Used when you create a new code example for a course and choose a template to display that code. The microservice selects the selected template and retrieves a CSS-file containing the template to display on the page.

## Input Parameters
- Parameter: $userid
   - Type: int
   - Description: User ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $opt
   - Type: string
   - Description: Operation type

- Parameter: $templateNumber
   - Type: string
   - Description: Template ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $exampleId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Example ID. Stored as mediumint in the database

- Parameter: $courseId
   - Type: int
   - Description: Course ID associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $courseVersion
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course version. Stored as int in the database            

## Calling Methods
- function call

## Output Data and Format
- 

## Examples of Use
`UPDATE codeexample SET templateid = :templateno WHERE exampleid = :exampleid AND cid = :cid AND cversion = :cvers;`

### Microservices Used
- getUid_ms.php

Commit message:

Added missing documentation
Added som missing documentation and removed some empty rows

DuggaSys/microservices/Microservices Documentation/codeviewerService.md, after:

# Name of file/service
deleteCodeExample_ms.php

## Description
Deletes a code example and its related data from the database if the user has the appropriate permissions, and then retrieves all updated data from the database (through retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php) as the output for the microservice.

## Input Parameters
- Parameter: $exampleId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Example ID. Stored as mediumint in the database

- Parameter: $courseId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course ID associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $courseVersion
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course version. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $boxId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Box ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $opt
   - Type: string
   - Description: Operation type

- Parameter: $userid
   - Type: int
   - Description: User ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $lid
   - Type: string
   - Description: List entry ID. Stored as int in the database                  

## Calling Methods
- POST

## Output Data and Format
- Output: debug
   - Type: string
   - Description: Error messages if any operation fails

- Output: $data
   - Type: JSON
   - Description: contains data related to the deleted code example

## Examples of Use
'DELETE FROM codeexample WHERE exampleid=:exampleid;'

### Microservices Used
- getUid_ms.php
- retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php

---

# Name of file/service
editBoxTitle_ms.php

## Description
Updates a box title of a code example when a user with appropriate permissions edits it, and then retrieves all updated data from the database (through retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php) as the output for the microservice.

## Input Parameters
- Parameter: $exampleId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Example ID. Stored as mediumint in the database

- Parameter: $boxId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Box ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $opt
   - Type: string
   - Description: Operation type

- Parameter: $courseId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course ID associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $courseVersion
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course version. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $boxTitle
   - Type: string
   - Description: Box Title. Stored as varchar(20) in the database

- Parameter: $userid
   - Type: int
   - Description: User ID. Stored as int in the database

## Calling Methods
- POST

## Output Data and Format
- Output: $data
   - Type: JSON
   - Description: contains data of the code example related to the updated box title

## Examples of Use
‘UPDATE box SET boxtitle=:boxtitle WHERE boxid=:boxid AND exampleid=:exampleid;’

### Microservices Used
- getUid_ms.php
- retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php

---

# Name of file/service
editCodeExample_ms.php

## Description
Handles updates of code examples, and then retrieving all updated data from the database (through retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php) as the output for the microservice.

## Input Parameters
- Parameter: $opt
   - Type: string
   - Description: Operation type

- Parameter: $exampleId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Example ID. Stored as mediumint in the database

- Parameter: $courseId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course ID associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $courseVersion
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course version associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $playlink
   - Type: string
   - Description: Play link for opening demo in code example. Stored as varchar(256) in the database

- Parameter: $exampleName
   - Type: string
   - Description: Name of the code example. Stored as varchar(64) in the database

- Parameter: $sectionName
   - Type: string
   - Description: Name of the section of the code example. Stored as varchar(64) in the database

- Parameter: $beforeId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Before ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $afterId
   - Type: string
   - Description: After ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $userid
   - Type: int
   - Description: User ID. Stored as int in the database                        

## Calling Methods
- POST

## Output Data and Format
- Output: $data
   - Type: JSON
   - Description: Contains data associated with the updated code example

## Examples of Use
UPDATE codeexample SET runlink = :playlink , examplename = :examplename, sectionname = :sectionname WHERE exampleid = :exampleid AND cid = :cid AND cversion = :cvers;

### Microservices Used
- retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php
- getUid_ms.php

---

# Name of file/service
editContentOfExample_ms.php

## Description
Updates the content of a box associated with a certain code example, and then retrieving all updated data from the database (through retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php) as the output for the microservice.

## Input Parameters
- Parameter: $opt
   - Type: string
   - Description: Operation type

- Parameter: $courseId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course ID associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $courseVersion
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course version associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $exampleId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Example ID. Stored as mediumint in the database

- Parameter: $boxId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Box ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $boxTitle
   - Type: string
   - Description: Box Title. Stored as varchar(20) in the database

- Parameter: $boxContent
   - Type: string
   - Description: Box content. Stored as varchar(64) in the database

- Parameter: $wordlist
   - Type: string
   - Description: Word list. Stored as mediumint in the database

- Parameter: $filename
   - Type: string
   - Description: Name of the file related to the code example. Stored as varchar(256) in the database

- Parameter: $fontsize
   - Type: string
   - Description: Font size of the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $addedRows
   - Type: string
   - Description: The rows added to the content of code example. Stored in several fields in the improw table in the database

- Parameter: $removedRows
   - Type: string
   - Description: The rows removed from the content of code example. Stored in several fields in the improw table in the database

- Parameter: $userid
   - Type: int
   - Description: User ID. Stored as int in the database                                 

## Calling Methods
- POST

## Output Data and Format
- Output: $data
   - Type: JSON
   - Description: Contains data associated with the updated content of a code example

## Examples of Use
UPDATE box SET boxtitle=:boxtitle, boxcontent=:boxcontent, filename=:filename, fontsize=:fontsize, wordlistid=:wordlist WHERE boxid=:boxid AND exampleid=:exampleid;

### Microservices Used
- getUid_ms.php
- retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php

---

# Name of file/service
retrieveCodeviewerService_ms.php

## Description
Retrieves updated data from the database and stores it in an array. The file outputs information about a specific code example in a course, including details, related examples, important lines, words, file directories, and user access levels. It makes sure only authorized users can view and change this information. It also logs the service event.

## Input Parameters
- Parameter: $userid
   - Type: int
   - Description: User ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $exampleId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Example ID. Stored as mediumint in the database

- Parameter: $courseId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course ID associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $courseVersion
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course version. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $opt
   - Type: string
   - Description: Operation type

- Parameter: $sectionName
   - Type: string
   - Description: Name of the section of the code example. Stored as varchar(64) in the database

- Parameter: $exampleName
   - Type: string
   - Description: Name of the code example. Stored as varchar(64) in the database

- Parameter: $playlink
   - Type: string
   - Description: Runlink for opening demo in code example. Stored as varchar(256) in the database

- Parameter: $log_uuid
   - Type: string
   - Description: Logs UUID for the event                     

## Calling Methods
- POST

## Output Data and Format
- Output: $array
   - Type: JSON
   - Description: Contains data associated with a code example

## Examples of Use
SELECT exampleid, sectionname, examplename, beforeid, afterid FROM codeexample WHERE cid = :cid AND cversion = :cvers ORDER BY sectionname, examplename;

### Microservices Used
- getUid_ms.php

---

# Name of file/service
updateCodeExampleTemplate_ms.php

## Description
Used when you create a new code example for a course and choose a template to display that code. The microservice selects the selected template and retrieves a CSS-file containing the template to display on the page.

## Input Parameters
- Parameter: $userid
   - Type: int
   - Description: User ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $opt
   - Type: string
   - Description: Operation type

- Parameter: $templateNumber
   - Type: string
   - Description: Template ID. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $exampleId
   - Type: string
   - Description: Example ID. Stored as mediumint in the database

- Parameter: $courseId
   - Type: int
   - Description: Course ID associated with the code example. Stored as int in the database

- Parameter: $courseVersion
   - Type: string
   - Description: Course version. Stored as int in the database            

## Calling Methods
- function call

## Output Data and Format
- Output: empty response body
   - Type: text/html
   - Description: No data is returned to the caller, only databases are updated.

## Examples of Use
UPDATE codeexample SET templateid = :templateno WHERE exampleid = :exampleid AND cid = :cid AND cversion = :cvers;

### Microservices Used
- getUid_ms.php
